# Vision Statement
The _Flashcards_ application provides a more portable and interactive alternative to physical flashcards that aids students in memorizing concepts.
## What is it?
_Flashcards_ is a mobile Android application that allows students to create flashcards and quiz themselves in order to aid them when studying. Users can create their own custom flashcards that contain a question on one side and an answer on the other. These flashcards can be grouped into categories that can represent a specific subject or topic for quick access. In addition, users can share their flashcards with other users by importing or exporting cards. To use the flashcards, users can initiate a guessing game, where the goal is to correctly guess the answer to each flashcard presented. The user can manually select a set of cards to be tested on or opt to be tested on cards they often answer wrong. There are also options for the type of test to take, such as repeatedly testing with a set of cards until each is answered correctly, specifying a time limit for the test, guessing the answer side of a card, and more. Each card in the guessing game will have its own way to accept an answer, such as a choice from a multiple-choice selection or a true/false response. The resulting statistics from the guessing game will give the user valuable insight about how well they are able to recall the concepts in the flashcards. These statistics are saved so the user is able to see how they have been progressing over time.
## Who can use it?
_Flashcards_ is most beneficial to individuals that need a reliable method to memorize concepts, such as students or people that are looking for a new approach to studying cards.
## Why use _Flashcards_?
It delivers a more portable and accessible solution to flashcards by allowing students to use an app on their phone instead of carrying around a bunch of physical flashcards. It allows for various ways of studying with the flashcards such as answering multiple choice or true/false questions, as well as highly customizable cards that can have drawings or images on them. Features such as the ability to share cards with other users, getting feedback about which cards are being answered incorrectly, having the option to focus on cards that are often answered incorrectly, and card customization make the _Flashcards_ application a more versatile alternative to physical flashcards, automating many of the manual tasks associated with using paper flashcards.
## Success Criteria
The success of the _Flashcards_ application can be measured by the following criteria: **Improvement in test scores** and a **preference to digital flashcards over physical flashcards**. Having improved test scores indicate that _Flashcards_ successfully aided students when studying for tests. A preference to digital flashcards over physical flashcards implies that there will be a lower demand for physical flashcards, making _Flashcards_ an environmentally friendly alternative.

